Add documentation about organization disabling (#5014)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/organization-management/manage-organizations.md

    - [how to configure UI branding]({{base_path}}/guides/branding/configure-ui-branding/) for organizations.
    - [how to customize email branding]({{base_path}}/guides/branding/customize-email-templates/#customize-email-branding) for organizations.

## Disable organizations

You can disable an organization by logging into its parent organization.

To disable an organization:

1. Login to the parent organization on the {{ product_name }} Console.
2. Go to **Organizations** to view the list of organizations.

> 3. Select the organization to which you wish to disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the organization you want to disable.
```

> 4. In the **Danger Zone**, turn the Disable Organization toggle on to disable the organization. Turn it off to enable the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Danger Zone**, turn the **Disable Organization** toggle on to disable the organization. Turn it off to enable the organization.
```

    ![Disable an organization]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/organization/manage-organizations/disable-organization.png){: width="700" style="display: block; margin: 0; border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

!!! note

>     - If the organization you intend to disable has any enabled child organizations, you will not be able to proceed until those child organizations are disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the organization you want to disable has any active child organizations, you will not be able to proceed until those child organizations are disabled.
```
